1.	Purpose

This document is intended to be used by the developers who are involved in creating SPX packages.

This document provides the guidelines to create a SPX package for a SNMP Module.

“Generic MegaRAC® SP-X core” refers to the new core of AMI’s MegaRAC® SP firmware running on various SoC platforms.

“SP” and “Service Processor” terms are used interchangeably throughout this document to refer to AMI’s generic MegaRAC® SP solution.

“MegaRAC® SP-X”, “MegaRAC SP”, “SP-X”, “SP-X Core” and “Generic MegaRAC® SP” terms are used interchangeably throughout this document to refer to AMI’s service processor firmware solution.


2.	Introduction

SNMP Modules are created to easily extend the functionality of SNMP.  This document explains how to create an SNMP Module and integrate it into the SPX architecture.


3.	Implementation

There is a template package called libsnmp_template_mib-1.1.0-src.spx

This package has all the necessary files to create a SPX package for a new mib.

Changes must be made to each of these files:

amiMibModule.c:

 the name of the init function needs to be changed from init_libsnmp_CHANGEME_mib on line 15

 the OID needs to be filled out on line 17.  The first part of the AMI OID is already filled out.

 the handler function name needs to be changed on line 22 to match the name of the function to use.

 There is an example handler function on line 28 that can be changed to get and set necessary data.

amiMibModule.h:

 the name of the init function needs to be changed on line 9
 
 the name of the handler function needs to be changed on line 10

Makefile:

 Lines 11, 23, and 25 need to be changed to reflect the name of the module.

 Libraries that need to be included should be added to the CFLAGS

RULES:

 Lines 16 and 17 need to be changed to reflect the name of the module.

dev-install:

 lines 5 and 6 need to be changed to reflect the name of the module.

INFO:

 Needs to be updated for new module info.


Other files:
SPX-MIB.my:

 The MIB file needs to be updated to reflect the OID used in the new module and the new definitions.
